Brittany Erves 04/24/2021 CIDM-6330-70
 Validation and Justification
 The Course, Faculty, and Students are the entities in the domain layer. My focus is an easier way to transfer and upload the information to our ERP system to the LMS without any bottlenecks. My value object would be firstName, lastName, course IDs, studentID, facultyIDs, etc. When the force course creation is set to "Y" on the XUSPS form, this triggers the process of creating a course site to push over to the LMS.
This method I have created, if the course is inactive status, it will be pulled in the report to update in a flat-file on the LMS side. I have tested all points to the parent/child set up on the upload. The parent/child course structure will take more time for me to create and modify where needed. I have created a non-python program that would be used to pull the information need from our ERP database, which is queried in an old Unidata language. Honestly, I am not skilled enough with Python to create the same code in the Python language. It took me a while to figure everything out and basing my code from older programming sources with similar functionary to create the xilpd.xml file. A lot of my issues came from manipulating and workaround the connection on both systems. At a service layer, making sure the headers were in the correct person to trigger the data into the correct space. I did have issues where I thought the upload had broken the system, but due to the size of the file, it took more time for the upload to be completed.
From taking this course, I do understand more of the basic structures of software engineering, but I am not a great programmer. My daily task during my workday is to make sure the systems are working correctly and troubleshooting the system connection issues. Programming is more of an art and takes a lot of time and practice. I do understand easier
                    
Brittany Erves 04/24/2021 CIDM-6330-70
querying styles such as SQL and Unidata querying. I those concepts of programming/querying better because it is more on the normal form of English writing level vs machine syntax. From this course, I do understand that our LDAP is a repository used to hold data until it is pulled for view on the UI or LMS platform. I did attend a few office sections in which I did understand the basics better, in the near future I would like to start off with a more beginners python or Software engineering course because really taking a dive into advance material such as this course.
      